should be back live here.
There we are. Hi.
I've had a long morning meeting followed
by a run in the scorching hot sun.
uh followed by other stuff
and I've got another meeting later. So,
I got a couple hours now. I figured I
would do a quick research stream.
Mainly, it's going to be to check and uh
think about some of the experiments from
yesterday.
Hey, Jess,
welcome.
I mean, this is kind of cool, right?
This sweep that I did here.
There's only one of these that is over
uh 800.
This one.
Oh, yeah. It's got this massive spike in
it.
827.
So it's
this is not bad though. Like we're very
close to solve just by doing a few very
dumb things, right?
Actually, let's do let's do this
breakout. No skip.
Okay. So with 40 mil frames,
we actually have and this is 40 mil with
no skip. So it's actually 10 mil. We
have a good number of stable solves.
Looks like 35ish.
Okay,
that's not bad.
Get rid of the filter and see if we can
get the distribution.
Okay, so without skips,
we've got this actually pretty good
range of solutions.
Uh, this decay actually seems to not
help, interestingly enough.
That's weird.
Possibly doing it wrong, but okay.
And then we do.
Yeah, this bigger architecture also
doesn't seem to do much for us.
Believe this is the jank one, right?
This is jank.
This seems like there could be something
here. Hello, Kyoko.
Welcome.
and then this was my
combined thing.
having fewer M's definitely
this seems to help, right?
Fewer M's run.
We're not quite at the 5 mil solve yet.
My brain is like
it's not even that I've got noise.
Like normally the thing that makes it
difficult for me to do research is
noise, right? It's like I've just been
like looking at too much different stuff
and it's all like jumbled together. Now
I'm just tired.
It's very clear, but I'm just tired.
Welcome.
But that's fine. This is actually um
this is the type of stuff where we can
make progress just with a little bit of
a little bit of slow simple thinking.
Do we have
We should have some nice dashboards,
right?
We get
learning rate thing.
Surprisingly,
there's not actually a good trend in
update epochs.
Okay, we actually have a peak uh at 64
horizon.
Nice to know.
Oh, did I just fix this to not use that
many M's?
Well, maybe it's you're not supposed to
decay lambda.
Or maybe it's hard for it to discover
what it should do.
Let's just take a very quick
distraction.
This
uh is that good?
I don't actually know if this is good. I
think that this is
Yeah, these intersect, right?
Okay. Okay. Yeah, this is not super
great.
All right. Whatever.
something there but nothing conclusive.
Fine.
Summit says, "Hello, I'm currently
pursuing a bachelor and applying for
internship. You want experience
or masters?
How can I get?"
Yeah. So, that's tricky. Um,
AI and ML.
You kind of need to have evidence that
you've done something reasonable, right?
Like some impressive project that you've
done or some I mean, for at least the
ones that will talk to you, you just
need some clear evidence that you can do
useful work.
I mean, this did something super weird,
but I think we generally have
like some reasonable
reasonable enough stats on this, right?
advice on encoding in multi-discrete
action bases?
This chest is 8 by8, right? Or am I
stupid?
Yes, it's 8 by 8.
So,
could it just be 64 and 64, which is
like any start location on the board to
any end location on the board, I
suppose?
you could technically do like
there's like a pointer networks angle
that could work better.
It's just hard to make all these
different action definitions sane and
and fast.
I suppose it's promising here that
let's take a look at this run.
I mean, there are a couple different
runs. They all have this sort of spike
at the end. Oh, well the spike is just
from like after you clear the first
screen, it's pretty easy to clear. Okay,
that's fine.
Okay, so let's see.
Let's grab these params and see if this
thing
repros.
promotions as well.
You have promotions as well.
Castling is fine, right? Castling is
It's still a from and to. It just gets
interpreted slightly differently.
I mean, except in like the super rare
places that like there's like a super
rare case you might take a knight,
right? But other than that, don't you
always just take a queen?
As much as I like games, I'm terrible at
all games. So
placant. Yeah, that's like Reddit's
favorite thing, right?
next two instead of diagonal.
Who decided the rules of that game? Who
decided that you should have this
perfectly simple game with a few random
stupid rules that make it much more
complicated
that don't even come up most games.
Hello bet.
I really should just make a thing to
export all these params, shouldn't I?
Why the [ __ ] would I use an LLM for
this? So that can paste my parameters
wrong and give me a completely bad
impression of my experiments.
Yeah, MD, get some help, man. But I'm
not having this in my chat.
cause pawns to sneak by.
What patch is that?
Guess not that nutty.
Lambda's pretty nutty.
model's done postmortem.
Um,
not entirely,
but it's not going to be world models
are definitely not the general purpose
uh high sample efficiency, high compute
efficiency bridge.
Kind of what we expected.
Not necessarily.
I would say that the literature turned
out to be even worse than I expected by
a significant margin.
This is not bad though, right? We're
almost to a solve here. This is 20
million frames without frame skip as
well.
I doubt this will work. I just wanted to
try something real quick.
Two minute experiment still
goes to show you, right?
Gen3 is a much much much easier well at
least along the axes that we're
considering that it's much easier
harder obviously on a bunch of different
ones but
it's not an interactive model right it's
not trained not like you're trying to
train an agent interactively on
And here's how we do RL with
transferable. You need to carefully
define what the hell that even means.
So, this does not help
at all.
Probably the final eval are getting
messed up as well, right?
one update epoch.
This thing has decided to only do one
update epoch.
Was it 64 496? So, it's only two
batches.
Just a blanket.
I can't think when it's hot, but then
obviously I get cold.
Also, it's good to be generally keeping
my legs warm because they're incredibly
freaking sore all the time from all the
running I do.
Keeps my joints from
locking up.
The running has been quite brutal. It's
um the exercise routine is six miles on
a very hilly course 5 days a week plus
one longer run on the weekend plus five
days a week of lifting including
deadlifts every day.
quite a bit
model. You can say try to run a bike is
now going to drive a car. Yeah. So the
thing is FBR you don't you don't get
generalization from one task like a ton
of other tasks. You get generalization
from having trained on a wide diversity
of different tasks and then you get from
that you can transfer the thing that
you're describing like probably doesn't
even make any sense at a very
fundamental level and in fact is the
thing that caused uh several researchers
at OpenAI to waste multiple years of
their time on a direction that didn't
even make sense.
I would tell him I told him so, but the
uh the team got uh the team well was
disbanded
uh shortly after that.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, humans are trained on
a crapload of stuff and also have
however many bajillions of years worth
of evolutionary priors.
Can you train a model that can train a
model? Yes, you can. It's very expensive
though, and it's generally not worth it.
Actually, if you want to have some fun,
look up gan. You do the gan gan on
archive.
I just for the hell of it when I was
younger I did um I did an April's Fool's
paper in which I trained a GAN uh to
output I think I was it I trained a GAN
that outputs the weights of another GAN.
It was something ridiculous like that.
So I had a generative adversarial
network that parameterized the
distribution of generative adversarial
networks.
Okay. Okay. So, I mean this is
this is rather odd at the very least
that this is the these are really the
set of settings it's found.
I kind of don't believe this is the most
sample efficient thing, right?
Like I don't believe this at all.
Neuros symbolic AI.
Uh that's kind of what everything is.
Like most systems are that to some
extent,
but then the thing is it's like the
people promoting that typically mean
something completely different and are
often complete grifters. So,
what do you think about your code in gan
GAN?
It was just some simple thing I did,
right?
There's not enough code for me to have
made a mess. It's generally fine code,
but the project is too small for it to
be like even a reasonable sample of
anything.
Like it took me very very many years to
go from that to what I'm doing now,
right?
I'm trying to think with this what I
want to do.
Pretty weird how this thing has set its
parameters, right?
Yes, you can train a model on an
unstable humanoid.
827 with 20 million frames, no frame
skip,
which is like half the budget for the
Atari 10 mil is actually Atari 40 mil.
So, it's going decently, but the
parameters it's set to accomplish this
are
a bit odd.
What kind of music are you listening to?
None. I very, very rarely listen to
music.
just kind of baffled by this,
you know. I do suppose couldn't this be
this be like an artifact?
I go through these days I go through a
huge number. Well, not while I'm
programming, but I go through a huge
number of audiobooks.
Yeah, exactly. Jess, see Jess, you
figured it out. Half the reason I stream
is because it keeps me engaged while I'm
thinking about stuff as well. I don't
just zone off. Like, I don't just get
distracted and zone out.
self-improving puffer liib when
you know recursive self-improvement is
something I would have expected to have
happened by now and it kind of sucks
that it didn't
Well, hang on.
If it's a noisy eval,
it could just be a combination of it
being a noisy evaluation
combined with us using time
as the criterion, right?
a few months. In a few months, this will
be a research stream. It's already What
do you mean it is already a research
stream?
Oh nah
that's more like for when I ultimately
get bored solve RL and start Puffer Labs
or whatever for general science.
I suppose it could end up being a facet
of RL.
It would almost have to be.
It' be kind of difficult to um
to evaluate, I suppose, but
Honestly,
could just be done in an RL context
probably.
I mean, there are a few things I can
just try with this, right?
You'll get onto the
puffer box.
No, it's a fundamental algorithmic
problem, Jess,
because
it does seem like a fundamental
algorithmic problem.
That's MMOs for me.
I've been playing like a little bit of
League lately and it's like I'm not
remotely concerned that I'm just going
to like go play League for five years or
something. Only like real game heroin is
MMOs for me.
YouTube has like some auto moderation I
don't think I can disable
I guess I just go let's just go change a
few small things with the core
the core optimization I suppose
No, I'm definitely not a Zuckerberg
type.
And I will take that one as an insult.
Well, I mean, I've never met the guy to
be fair, but
I think I'd take that as an adult.
Definitely not soulless. I'm just pretty
tired these days.
At least until I finish this cut.
I'm pretty upfront like what you see is
what you get kind of a thing. something.
Like there's very little of what I like
there's very little of me that's um not
just what you see here on the stream
and I suppose very little of it that's
and almost nothing I would suppose
that's even remotely relevant.
Well, yeah,
whatever.
I really am not doing that much work at
the moment. Jess, like in terms of
hours,
like the streams are pretty short. I
don't I don't even think I've been
averaging eight hours the last couple of
weeks.
So, of course, they're like meetings and
other things,
but it's a heck of a lot of my focus,
right?
like I very intentionally
don't have a huge number of outside
distractions
while
you add this project to puffer.
this thing. This is on This is on puffer
and you Oh, you're joking. Okay.
I mean, I'm in Palo Alto right at the
moment.
If you're around the area, you'll
probably see me at a
breakfast or dinner running or whatever
around here.
And the schedule is pretty much like
wake up, get some coffee, um get myself
into shape to go do my run and my lifts,
get breakfast, get myself back and in
order to start working on stuff as
quickly as possible, modulo meetings,
etc. Do stream,
do dinner,
and that's basically it.
I mean, no, you can go handle that
though, right?
I'm staring at nothing here. Hang on.
Yeah. Yeah, it should just be
we'll do like this. This will increase
the eval time.
Okay. And then
Yeah, the RL is going to be go outside
and go talk to people.
It's going to be go reinforcement learn
yourself.
Yep. So, there are two things that I
will not work on. One is short form
content optimization
and the other is romantic companions
like romantic AI companions. Those are
the two things I won't work on. I am way
more happy to work on killer drones with
RL because that is way less dangerous.
Thank you very much.
I bet you if I just rerun this exact
thing,
I'll get a pretty different result,
Oh, did I miss?
I missed something.
I missed this.
to scale up to here. Yes, they will
like many weapons.
My personal best case scenar uh scenario
for those though is they make um
they make conventional soldiers useless
as weapons. So basically once you've
destroyed all the enemy drones, there's
really not any point in fielding
soldiers.
So we just kind of destroy each other's
drones and call it a day.
That's my best case scenario,
I would say.
Ah, numms is eight.
That's weird.
Why did it max out? Oh, it didn't max
it.
if before were to be turned into a pure
test of economic capacity without us
actually having to bother killing each
other. That's a heck of a lot better
now, isn't it?
CPU only.
What What exactly is an epoch
on the same data? Yeah. So, it's it's
not well defined, Jess. It's just like
however much data that you've collected
in one set of forward passes that you're
going to train on. That's the data of an
epoch. So, it's the amount. It's you
collect some data. You're going to do
some training on it before you collect
new data. However much data that is,
that's the epoch.
All right. Are we good here? Think we're
good.
this one should be a little bit
different, right?
eight M.
Oh no,
that's something else.
I'm basically trying to figure out why.
So, I've been able to make this thing
much more efficient, right? But it's
only gotten like four or five times
slower.
You would think you'd be able to spend
at least a little bit more compute to
make the thing more sample efficient
and I suspect it's just the way that
we're doing our sweeps. So, I made some
changes to that.
And um at least for the next few days,
my expectation is we'll just kind of be
playing with a few things.
This is like such a wonky
annoying paper.
when you're they're saying they're
defining this really stupidly
because this is
32 Okay.
So, and here they have 256.
So,
the thing is when they're saying a
replay ratio of of one, what they mean
is every time you take an environment
step on average, you're doing a mini
batch of 32
of 32 update. So we would consider that
like update epoch equals 32 which is
batshit insane. So what they're saying
is hey look it's really hard for us to
go from batshit insane to like batshit
insaner.
That's what they're saying with this.
They're saying like hey you know our
like stupidly slow and inefficient
algorithm that's already completely
impractical.
What if we would what if we could double
our performance by spending a hundred
times that amount of compute?
That's literally what this means.
This one's not quite as bad. This one
is, hey, what if we could take our
stupidly slow algorithm and double the
performance by spending 16 times the
amount of compute.
But like these are both crazy.
These are both completely insane.
Yeah. So it's this is a log plot. You
see it's log linear.
So typically you get log linear
uh improvements with compute or in our
case we typically get I mean to be fair
I suppose if we get log linear returns
on data right
then practically you should take a
midpoint
right you should like probably not scale
as absolutely insane as we have with
data and then scale some with compute
but like that point is actually below
here on this graph already because the
thing is the starting point for this is
already a batshit insane algorithm
in puffer worth writing assembly for. Uh
yeah, probably like specific low-level
sims.
Typically, you don't write big chunks of
assembly anyways. You're just like
inlining a few things the compiler is
doing stupid.
This plasticity thing is kind of
annoying for on policy, right?
I guess the hope is like
at least for the
for like reasonably sized problems, you
kind of just assume that it's not a a
totally horrendous thing.
You can probably like come up with some
methods that don't require resetting the
whole bloody network, right?
If that's even a problem,
I mean, here it is,
but here they're doing like stupid
numbers of updates.
Okay. So, this thing here is not
is not crazy relevant.
I would like to understand
if we can scale.
I actually want to see the result from
this.
Yeah, I wouldn't say at least what I
see.
This is not like a crazy
there's definitely something to
self-prediction though. I do wonder
like
this paper here,
unless I read this wrong.
They have this right. They added this
self-supervision thing.
They're especially useful when we
decrease the number of samples used in
each update back to a minimum. Ah, okay.
Okay. Okay, so the auxiliary loss is
actually inconsistent.
Not super clear evidence.
How the hell does this thing only have
four items?
Ah, this thing's got to be messing with
me.
Not bad. Initial.
Is that initial run? Yeah,
initial run. this
like a nice estimate and we'll see from
here.
I think Neptune's just being weird
like data like rate limited us or some
[ __ ]
think what else we need to look at. It
bothers me.
It bothers me that this is not scaling
with update epochs
at all.
Is it guaranteed that you need to have
update epochs?
It's not guaranteed, right?
It could be that the better optimizer
just lets you use a way more aggressive
learning rate and stay closer to onpaul.
I mean, it ultimately doesn't really
matter all that much, right?
What other stuff is there? I mean, you
can't trivially scale the architecture,
right?
We should probably make it so that you
can change the uh the network size.
I mean, there's some small
parameterization differences we could
deploy.
I mean, I think I'm generally pretty
comfortable though as to where all this
needs to Oh,
at some point we will want to throw this
on
real breakout.
But if I've done a good job,
if I've done a good job, it should not
be a huge difference.
But then I suppose it's from there it
says,
"What does this imply?
I would like to have smoothly fit curves
of some variety.
course, torch compile and stuff probably
makes a larger difference here as well.
There's sort of a few different things,
right?
Yeah. I guess the only other thing I
haven't really explored super well is
architecture, right?
Is it just taking Neptune forever to
like [ __ ]
Yeah, totally. Right.
We might have to end up doing like a
small local thing for this.
Is there
any evidence for
Alternative architecture.
if you were going to do anything,
the first thing you would do would just
be like a basic fast slow
LSTM, right?
Oh, I also never tried multilayer LSTM.
Same year.
June.
Literally the exact same results as
mine. That's funny.
Oh, it's the same. This is so funny.
This was at the same conference.
So, we published identical
identical quality results on the exact
same data set at the same time.
Huh.
Can you not just add a basic ass
like skip connect?
So I don't think this is a great
implementation,
this name way before that.
Where is it? Of course it's you can't
look it up. I have the poster in my
bedroom actually still.
I think we could try just that as a
baseline
as like the fast slow.
You would as a basic baseline, right?
You would just add like an extra skip
connect. No.
Oh yeah, they literally have the same
baselines, right?
That's so funny. I didn't realize this
was a thing.
Ah, actually my model's better than
theirs, isn't it?
So, come to think of it, I actually I
didn't realize I technically beat this
paper.
I wonder if there's anything from that.
I There's no way that there's something
from my old paper actually useful,
right?
I mean, this is a pretty dang simple
cell
to play with, right?
I forget. Does this have one state?
It does, right?
Out.
Oh, no. You have this list thing.
Well, didn't I actually make a half
decent poster for this thing?
stuff we can do here.
I'd obviously I'd have to go with the
the cell formulation
instead of
I'd have to go with the cell formulation
if I want to do architecture work.
I think what I should do for now, the
thing that makes the most sense is to
kind of just do some tuning, right? So I
have like a really strong tuned baseline
in multiple regimes and then maybe we
play around with some architecture
stuff.
I mean cuz like technically right if
there is architecture stuff that makes a
difference I should sort of be able to
do something with this. No,
not saying that this would be the best
thing.
I do remember this like actually
freaking working though,
you know?
Like the only here the only reason that
I have any sort of trust in this and
like I don't necessarily even think that
this was particularly good research. I
was like 19 at the time. Um, but the
thing is I do remember that I had
literally two GPUs to my name and I did
not like just optimize the crap out of
this thing until I forced it to work,
right? Like basically this thing worked
very very quickly. So it's not like I
tuned this thing into existence.
That would be a great idea. And you know
what? I it wouldn't it be great if it
also had a puffer fish as a mascot.
Okay. Well, we have some things to try.
We at least have some things to try.
I'm trying to think what else it makes
sense to run.
It's a little tricky when you have this
many metrics.
I suppose what we could do it would
require a very large sweep,
but we could modify
we could modify our sweep algorithm to
take two metrics for Pareto optimality,
right?
I suppose it's easier to just optimize
one way or the other.
Sweep over the gamma that you're working
on. The gamma didn't do much.
Uh eliminating frame skip, funny enough,
did do a lot.
Bet that's like the lamest thing
imaginable.
sweep on what? Uh, this is several
things combined into
one larger run. I'm trying to see if we
can get a
uh a reasonable
solve at 5 million frames.
I think that would be a really cool
baseline to have and that would be like
fairly impressive.
Have you seen what people are making
these days? Yeah, that's their problem
though, right?
explainable RL
in some sense. We have demystified the
like we've demystified a heck of a lot
of um what RL is with this stuff, right?
Like there's still stuff that doesn't
make sense and is surprising, but way
way less than there used to be.
I'm trying to think if there's anything
else specific to this.
Small mini batches.
Small mini batches equals higher
variance.
Oh, you know what? There is actually one
thing.
It's a relatively small thing, but there
is a tweak that I could test.
So difficult that you have to test these
tweaks though with full sweeps
actually. Why?
Well, I'll leave it for now. I don't
Neptune's like rate limiting us or
something. It's really obnoxious.
But uh there is one small thing that we
can do which is we can compute advantage
stats over the entire batch.
What's like the big Facebook
hyperparameter tuning library?
They don't have a ton of methods, do
they?
Yeah, they they don't really have
they kind of just have a thing.
I don't understand this whole scikit
brand. Like
this looks like too small of a project
to even be in Scikit.
Yeah, this stuff is so freaking bloated.
Good.
These are not these are like not
not good algorithms, my guy.
I am a little bit confused about the
gamma annealing thing not being good.
I'm a little con. Yeah. Also, what the
hell is this? Like, what is this, right?
Oh, actually, okay. It is kind of
running slightly longer experiments.
That's fine. As long as it's doing
something reasonable.
Yeah, but at that speed, it could
literally be running full Atari. So,
with at least with Puffer optimizations,
it could be. So, that's fine.
We'll see how this goes.
Oh, wait. I'm stupid. I'm real stupid on
this, aren't I?
Ah, shoot.
We'll let it go just in case it does
something. But
yeah, I I made one mistake with that
sweep. It's fine.
We'll let it run regardless.
Let me just let me demonstrate to you
why that is not going to happen. Hang
on. Me go demonstrate to you why that's
not going to happen.
and then uh if we're going to go back
two days.
So yeah that is why there will be no
additional running right now
I think when I've I honestly I don't
remember the hell the last time I've
gone to a bar.
I do sort of want to just sit here and
think a little bit about the uh the
problem though, right?
Well, I assume that you're constraining
it to something that I can like clearly
formulate as uh as an RL problem.
And the thing is like there are a lot of
things that I would solve if I could
formulate them specifically that I have
decreasing confidence the farther I get
away from my own like base of knowledge.
Like it would be pretty cool if you
could get yourself RL into a material
science sim uh to like actually create
new materials. That would be like second
coolest thing. Coolest thing would be is
if we could get RL into deep biological
sim and actually solve all the dumb
biological problems that we have like,
you know, disease and aging and stuff.
But presumably that's a bit broad.
You know, I honestly think
the most likely outcome of this
is literally just improve hyper pram
sweeps like improve tooling imp like
reduce overhead so we can run more and
bigger sweeps faster
and then sweep for
like sample efficiency versus sweep for
wall clock, right?
it's somewhat unsatisfying that this
does not really give us an effective way
to leverage more compute.
But presumably if we continue to do
this, it'll at least tune into like the
multiple update steps regime
and also to large like slightly larger
models.
We could also go try to like do the
hyperprem opt be distributed,
right? That would be really good for
studies if we could do like reasonably
quick
reasonably quick thousand experiment
sweeps would make a decent difference,
right?
Okay. I think that in between uh this
other research that's going to be the
thing then,
right?
literally just to improve hyper sweeps,
do the tiniest bit of architecture work.
I suppose I should have known and
started with this, right?
started with this.
But I mean ultimately,
hey, right? I as I am the most
pessimistic person ever about RL
literature because I've read it uh and
I've seen the difference between what
works and what works on paper and in
practice.
And even I underestimated severely
how bad it was going to be.
But I think I've got my work cut out for
me as soon as I'm uh a bit better
rested. I'm not going to start on it now
because I've got to go a little early
today anyways.
Um
but yeah, we do some basic casual
sweeps.
Is there a good way I can think of to
even do distributed sweeps?
There probably is, right?
Yeah. Know there totally is.
have to think about it just a little
bit. But
how to set parameters which scale with
model size. Yes. So that would be MUP.
Um that is actually very useful.
I have not had the time to go and figure
out about how to get that to work with
muon. Uh I've been told by people whose
uh whose research I trust that this does
work very well together at least for
large models. So if anybody wants to
make a smallish but very useful research
contribution,
uh eliminating the dependence of a
couple key hypers on model size would
help quite a bit.
This still doesn't solve the sample
reuse thing, right?
The sample reuse thing is still kind of
annoying.
Oh yeah. Also,
can't we technically
No, never mind. I was going to say that
there should be a clever way that we can
cut out an inference pass, but I think
we're fine on this.
The architecture is pretty well
optimized, frankly.
we could study data staleness. Um
there are a lot of other things that we
can study but I think literally the
conclusion of this is just we need to
sweep this other regime that we have an
optimized puffer for at all and do some
experiments there and then ideally we
should have our sweeps being able to run
faster. Let me just think if there's an
obvious way to do
it. Wouldn't be torch run, would it?
It would kind of just be a bunch of
subprocesses, right?
Assuming it's like a single GPU
distributed sweep. Yeah,
like one GPU per run.
Make it 6x faster.
And we could mess with that. I don't
necessarily even think we need to quite
yet, but we could mess with that.
I do suppose one of the core
one of the core issues is that with the
slower ends, right?
Well, it's not necessarily with the
slower M. It's just with harder problems
in general, right?
Problems are made harder by M's being
slower, right? Fair enough.
So, I guess we kind of need to really
We need to like really understand
I guess like stable hyperparameter zones
would be a useful thing to study, right?
Like generally just better understanding
hyperparam stability.
There are a lot of these papers that
kind of say, "Oh yeah, we have one set
of hypers out of the box for everything.
We have kind of at least in the high
data regime, we kind of actually saw
that work for most of our M's. There are
a few key hypers that are just kind of
annoying to uh
to get fixed
though.
Wonder if there's an angle where
by annealing gamma and lambda
there might be some sort of like
annealing angle
on those might be tricky.
Might be tricky.
So I mean going from 90 million which is
really it's 90 million at four frame
skip.
So going from that sample F down to
down to this is already like a market
improvement.
So this is already well if we can get
something like within 40 mil on a real
full breakout I think that would be
probably the benchmark.
So yeah a combination of setting up and
running sweeps
Figuring out a few additional knobs to
sweep over, doing analysis, and then
making our sweep code run faster is
probably the next block of work I've
got.
Don't think there's any way this can get
messed up.
I guess technically the only minor
detours I could imagine would be a few
things on architecture.
How much computer using for this?
literally one GPU per sweep.
So, you're just running like a few
minutes per experiment max.
I technically I have um seven sweeps
going right now, but uh I think Neptune
is like rate limiting me or something,
so they're not playing nice the way that
they're supposed to. But yeah, in
theory, it should just I should be able
to spin up, you know, 10 sweeps or
whatever at a time.
Does it tell us anything that
I suppose the last thing I'll want to
think about for today
does it tell us anything that we're able
to do better
with no frame Yep.
That means that we have to solve a
harder credit assignment problem.
It's actually kind of funny that that
does anything, right?
what GPU? 4090s and uh mostly 4090s. Our
fastest. We have one box with a nice
5090 in it that I use for stuff I want
to finish quicker.
Buffer has 20 4090s
total
with zero frame skip.
Uh, I'm pretty sure that one frame skip
means use every frame.
I think it's like every nth frame is the
way it's implemented. At least it should
be.
That's a good point though.
Yeah. So that is the way it's
implemented. So um
this is one frame skip means use every
frame.
That's a good thing to check though.
Thank you.
It could have been the other way.
Well, I suppose one of the annoyances
with Breakout, right, is
it's a really long game.
So,
it's quite possible that with like our
really bad like our really big batches
of data, it like barely even gets to
play a full game, right?
is I would probably pick like some
intermediate point, right?
When if I when I go to do research,
I probably should go pick some
intermediate point as the starting
starting point here.
Zero frames.
The eight frame skip never worked. Yeah.
So, eight is usually too much. So, for
like Pong in particular, um I think we
do get up to eight frame skip sometimes,
but if you go any higher, like you
literally can't react at all.
It's already kind of funny that it works
with whatever the heck is in there at
the moment.
Okay, so today is Tuesday.
I have a few more meetings planned this
week.
Um, I think but outside of that,
I think that what I'm going to do is I'm
going to just plan on
trying to actually get some proper
freaking rest tonight.
And then tomorrow,
tomorrow I think we will start on
well, we'll look at the results of this
and I'll launch some more sweeps, but
we'll actually do some dev work on uh
trying to make the sweep tool itself
faster. We'll add a few small things for
that and we'll see if we can get the
turnaround time for this to be something
more reasonable, right?
Because realistically, right, if we
assume two minutes per experiment,
30 experiments per hour,
we should be done in like less than
eight hours per sweep.
So, I should literally be able to do
Yeah, I mean ideally I should be able to
like have multiple sets of these sweeps
running per day
or I mean that's for a 200 sweep thing,
right? If we did distribute it, ideally
we could get a thousand experiment sweep
just have really really high confidence.
I also want to figure out how we analyze
like stable hyperparameter regions.
I could definitely for any fixed set of
hypers
uh I could definitely do
like an analysis of the stability of
that set of hypers right by perturbing
is your friend you know you're probably
right
you're probably right actually I have
that and I I haven't taken it in a
while. Thank you.
Um
I'm going to actually go get that if I
don't if I don't have any left. I think
I do.
It's one of those things, right, where I
have like every reason in the world to
just be exhausted. So, it's like, well,
of course I'm exhausted. But yeah, there
probably are some things I could do to
improve the recovery.
We do have the slight problem with the
current sweep algorithm that the
recommendations kind of get slower over
time.
I like the idea though of doing um
hyperparameter perturbment.
Just real quick
that we should be able to do pretty
quick.
Hey, Weston.
I'm about to head off for today because
I got a meeting in 10 that I got to go
get ready for. Um,
we will see the results of this
tomorrow.
For folks who've been watching,
thanks for tuning in for the short
stream.
Puffer.ai, if you're interested in this
generally, it's all open source. Look at
that. We just got three to 3.3K today.
Start the repo. It's free. It helps me
out a ton.
If you want to get involved, join the
Discord. A lot of the work around here
is a lot more accessible than you would
expect. Um, don't need crazy math or
science background. So, there is work
there as well. A lot of it looks like
low-level game programming and that
actually contributes to research as
well.
And other than that, if you're
interested in RL generally and you'd
like to learn more, you can follow me on
X. I post all sorts of RL content,
including guides for newcomers that you
can't find anywhere else. Well, thank
you, and I will be back tomorrow.